Previously on How to Get Away
With Murder...
We're gonna need you to do
a psychiatric evaluation.
I just remember
I wanted a slice of cake.
We get to argue
our insanity defense.
Just answer the question!
Why me?
You know what? I'm trying to
change the damn world here!
Literally!
Mr. Maddox,
you're now my second chair.
-[Nate] It's her kid, Annalise.
-Her kid who was a product
of rape.
-Where's her sister live?
-Why do you care?
So we can find out
what happened.
[Annalise]
It said your baby's alive.
Please tell me
you don't believe that.
-I do.
-[emcee] Oliver
to the dance floor!
[Michaela] Let's all call him.
He has to be close.
[cell phone ringing]
-[Nate] Leave a message.
-Are you still here?
[sobbing]
[door closes]
We're gonna do a different type
of case review today.
We're gonna call it
an autopsy.
So let's cut open the body
and see where we went wrong
during the trial.
Sorry...
where I went wrong.
-[chalk scraping]
-I needed to prove
that my client was insane
at the time that he murdered
Gerald Reinhoff.
So, what was my first mistake?
Really?
None of you thought
that I made one mistake
during this trial?
You screwed up with
your very first decision.
You mean replacing you
as second chair with Mr. Maddox?
I guess I'm talking about
your second decision, then.
We have till noon tomorrow
to tell the judge
if we're waiving our right
to a jury at Senior's trial.
So let's hash it out.
Who votes jury,
who votes judge?
You always go with a judge
on an insanity defense.
When have you ever known me
to do what's expected?
Okay, but if you start throwing
terms like "volitional act"
and "defect of reason" at a
jury, you've already lost them.
But this case is about emotion,
making people feel
what Nate Senior felt
when he was losing his mind
locked away in that cell.
-What is the biggest pitfall
of Mr. Maddox's strategy?
-Hey, it's nice, right?
For a bar.
Well, it's cheap, and it's
available on the 15th.
-We should book it.
-My mom has a church retreat
every year
around the holidays.
I have to make sure
she's free.
For her son's wedding?
Do you agree, Mr. Walsh?
I'm sorry,
what was the question?
Do you think Judge Coughlin
will be biased against our case?
I think whatever
Gabriel thinks.
I agree with Mr. Maddox too.
So I believe
our best bet is a...
...jury trial.
Now, it's a big swing,
but your name is on
the Supreme Court win,
not to mention
you're a likable guy.
-When he wants to be.
-[chuckles]
Judges been messing
with me my whole life.
I finally get to take the stand
in front of my peers.
Well, that's not
what we're saying.
Our case is strong,
and we probably won't even need
to put you on the stand.
[Nate] You don't put
your sane clients on the stand.
Why make it seem like
that was a possibility?
I tell my clients what they
want to hear, and then I win,
and they forget
all about it.
-I'm late.
-How is she?
How do you think?
[keys jingling]
-Frank.
-[door closes]
[sighs]
You had one job!
-Bonnie?
-[knock on door]
[door creaks]
You asleep?
I never wanted anything bad
to come of this.
I mean it.
I thought
I was doing this for you.
Then why tell Annalise
before me?
Annalise knows you the best.
I thought maybe she could
help me figure out that--
That I kidnapped
my own baby?
Or that I killed him?
All I was trying to do
is help you.
[breathes deeply]
You ripped open
the part of my life
that I killed myself
to get past.
And I got past it.
I was good.
But now...
What can I do?
That's the problem.
You did what you did,
and now I'm left with it.
It's always me
that's left with it.
All right, hold up.
Bonnie.
[door closes]
She's probably
at her boyfriend's.
Or she drove off a bridge.
Or went to Julie's
and drove her off a bridge.
[door unlocks]
[keys jingling]
Where the hell'd you go?
Nate's.
I'm going to sleep.
Bonnie...
I'm not gonna do
anything stupid.
[footsteps leaving]
I'll hide all
the razor blades.
[cell phone ringing]
Nate?
-No, my 2L.
-Calling this late?
Oh, well, he's my new favorite,
so he's allowed.
-What?
-Prosecution just sent over
their new witness list.
-They added a new name.
-Who?
[Connor] You also failed
to properly prepare
for the prosecution's
first witness.
You mean
their hostile witness?
I mean your client's son--
Nate Lahey, Junior.
You knew about his complicated
history with his father,
and yet you failed to grill him
before he took the stand.
She did. I was there.
Okay, well, then
I guess she did a bad job
considering the bomb
the prosecution dropped.
How could she have
seen that coming?
I don't know, second chair.
I guess that was your job.
[Cox] Mr. Lahey, how old
were you when you discovered
your father sold drugs?
-I don't recall.
-But you're not disputing
the fact
that you were aware that
your father was a drug dealer
of marijuana and crack?
My pops dropped out of school
when he was 16
to box professionally.
When that didn't
pay the bills,
there weren't a lot
of other options.
When you father was living
at home with you,
what was his mood
around the house?
-Was he angry?
-Objection!
You can't testify to
someone else's state of mind.
Sustained.
[Cox]
He was a boxer, though.
Must've knocked you
around a bit, yeah?
He was a boxer
in the ring only.
Never took his work
home with him.
So you're saying you felt
your home was a safe place?
Yes.
Your Honor, I'd like to
introduce as evidence
-a letter written
by the witness--
-Objection!
This letter wasn't in
any of the discovery.
The letter has only just now
become relevant, Your Honor.
[Judge Coughlin] All right,
both of you up to the bench.
Now.
They buried that letter
on purpose.
There was nothing
she could've done.
She could've gotten it
thrown out as hearsay.
Her only option was to
challenge its relevance.
How is this letter
relevant at all?
It's written by
the defendant's son.
A year before
the murder in question.
This letter is permissible
to show lack of accident,
perhaps even motive,
it is character evidence--
It's character
assassination, Judge.
The whole point of this
exercise is to figure out
where you and Professor Keating
went wrong.
Why are you getting
so defensive?
'Cause that's what
a real lawyer does--
defends their client.
You're not a real lawyer.
You're just her little mini-me.
-Sit down--
-No. You hid in the back
of that courtroom
like a baby the entire case, and
now you have something to say?
And you sat shotgun
and let her drive this case
straight off a cliff.
I said sit down!
This is a law school...
not a daycare.
The judge ruled against us.
So what could
I have done next?
[Cox] Mr. Lahey, you testified
that you felt safe at home,
but you wrote this letter to
your father's parole board
when you were 14.
Would you please read
the second paragraph?
"I was told to write
this letter
to convince you to
let my pops come home.
But I don't want him
to come home.
My moms and I are
doing good without him,
but that will all change
if you believe his lies
and let him out.
Please just know
I feel safer...
with him behind bars."
[sighs]
Thank you.
You did this on purpose,
didn't you?
You heard what I said
on the stand.
I-I don't remember
writing it.
Yeah, well I remember everything
that happened after that.
I was supposed to win
that parole hearing!
We'll never know
if that letter
was the reason you lost
the hearing.
You want to know what happened
after that? Huh?
I started picking fights
with everybody,
disrespecting the guards.
That's when they
put me in the SHU.
All of this...
Me losing my mind,
me killing that man--
all of this because
of you and that letter.
You finished?
'Cause we still
have a case to win.
Keep him away from me.
I don't want to see
his face again.
You better want to,
because it's his face
the jury needs to see
in that courtroom--
someone who loves you.
Otherwise, you're the bastard
who turned on his own son.
[Sophie]
Professor Keating, my criticism
isn't that you didn't get
the letter thrown out,
but that you didn't go
at the witness hard enough
during your cross.
How is discrediting
the defendant's son,
someone on our witness list,
helping to win over the jury?
Desperate times call
for desperate measures.
A good lawyer should
never be desperate.
Professor Keating
lost this round because of
one reason-- she didn't see
the letter coming.
Why didn't I see it coming?
You were too close
to the witness.
[Connor] You know, this all
could've been avoided
if you'd just done the research
and found that letter.
Sounds like
your boyfriend's job.
Uh, fianc, and is anyone
really to blame here?
Yeah, the guy
who wrote the letter.
We all do stupid things
when we're 14.
Pretty sure he wasn't 14
when he chose to become a cop.
What does him being a cop
have to do with anything?
What kind of guy turns
his back on his own people?
Okay, none of this helps
our case right now.
Exactly. I'm going to C&G
to prep for tomorrow.
Are you trying to
get him to punch you?
Where are you going?
Oh, uh, he needs
my antitrust outline.
I'll see you guys
back at the house.
Those two guys
friends again?
Eh, they're probably
just boning.
If we're gonna do this,
we need to be more discreet,
and we need some
ground rules.
Mm, ground rules
kinda take the fun
out of
"Operation Slama Jama."
Okay-- Rule one,
no more calling it that.
Two, no work talk.
Three, no relationship talk.
Good, because that
is never happening again.
Your place tonight?
Think I can, uh,
squeeze you in.
Great.
Have you heard anything
about Bonnie?
She hasn't been at work
in a few days.
Are you interested
in her again?
No, I'm worried about her
as a friend.
Mm-hmm.
I can be friends
with girls, Michaela!
[knock on door]
[sighs]
Frank, buddy.
How's it going?
Good, until now.
[scoffs] Okay, bro,
what the hell's going on?
She's sick.
Uh, yeah,
but what kind of sick?
Because if it's serious,
her boss needs to know.
So you came here
as her boss?
She won't answer my calls,
and if that's because
I freaked her out
with that stupid HR form,
you tell her to forget it.
I'll pass along
the message.
Look, I-I want to be the one
to pass along the message.
Sorry...
bro.
[door creaks lightly]
[Frank] It's gotta
make you feel pretty good,
having your beau so smitten
he's begging for your attention.
I know you're telling yourself
you need to find out the truth.
But just consider
the other option.
You do nothing.
'Cause you've been happy.
Way more
than I've ever seen.
But no one--
I mean, no one, Bon--
deserves to be happy
more than you.
So, if you just want to pretend
you never found this out,
leave the past in the past,
know I fully support that.
Mm. [sniffles]
[door creaks lightly]
[door closes]
You know what I'd do
if I were you?
I'd pour myself
a stiff drink.
I'm good.
At least we have
the psych expert on our side.
I mean, that's all
we really need.
I lied on the stand,
Annalise.
I remember writing
the letter.
You were just a boy.
-God knows what I said to
my mother at that age.
-Just listen.
First time I saw him in cuffs,
I was pissed at the cops.
But by the second, the third,
the fourth...
I began thinking he wasn't
the good guy, they were.
So I decided to be
one of them.
[breathes deeply]
So at least I wouldn't
end up like him.
If you beat yourself up
over this,
the same system that got in his
head is gonna get into yours.
[breathes deeply]
What if all this
is for nothing?
Do you think I would
drag our asses
all the way to
the Supreme Court
-only to lose in Philly?
-[chuckles]
We're gonna win.
All right.
[chuckles]
Okay.
All right.
[Michaela] As down
as we might all feel right now,
I think it's important
that we focus on
one of the wins
we had on this case.
I believe your cross
of the prosecution's
psych expert was
an unqualified success.
Does everyone agree that I won
the round against Dr. Charmagne?
I think you won.
I just don't understand
how you got that intel.
Ms. Pratt, would you like
to answer that one?
A good lawyer never reveals
their Deep Throat.
[knock on door]
- She don't wanna duck me
-Asher!
She just wanna show me love
- She don't wanna cuff me
-Open up!
Mad 'cause I'm on now
You can't leave me alone now
- Got my mama strong now
-What the hell?
I'm working on our
"Slama Jama" playlist!
Hope you brought
your backup panties!
- I'm tryna get it
-Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
-[music stops]
-This-- [scoffs]
I need your help
with our case.
-We said no work talk!
-It's not about work.
It's about Nate.
The prosecution's putting
their psychologist
-on the stand tomorrow,
his name's Dr. Charmagne--
-Yeah, Dr. Charming.
He's the most handsome,
likable expert out there.
We need to discredit him.
The D.A.'s office uses him as
a psych expert all the time--
You do realize you're still
in the doghouse with me--
You think I'm a heartless bitch.
I understand why.
But your heart--
your heart is big and kind,
-and that's why
I fell for you--
-Stop.
Look, I have a good thing going
with the D.A., all right?
I'm finally getting
my life back on track.
And now you want me to risk that
all for you and-- and Annalise?
-Are--
-Just take me and Annalise
out of the equation.
If Nate was the one
coming to you right now,
you'd do this for him.
Right?
[knock on door]
Oh, hell, no.
-None of you are supposed
to know where I live.
-Yeah, they don't.
But since I'm the brilliant
and resourceful student
you mistakenly passed up
on your clinic--
Someone in the D.A.'s office
gave you my address.
A-And I have the info you need
to take down Dr. Charming.
Dah! First, why don't
you tell me
what's going on
with Bonnie?
Nothing is going on.
Tell me what is up,
or no juicy intel for you.
What do you think?
-What the hell is this?
-[Robert] Don't worry--
Bonnie's childhood.
And that man...
-It's gonna be fun.
-...is her father.
Can I do anything?
No, you can give
her some space.
Don't tell the others,
especially Miller.
-Of course not.
-Now pony up.
According to the D.A.'s
database, Senior's case
is the last time Dr. Charming
is allowed to testify.
-Why?
-Why do you think?
[in Cockney accent]
Hello, Gov'nor.
Dr. Charmagne, do you believe
that the defendant was insane
on the day he killed
Gerald Reinhoff?
-No. No.
-You mean even after
spending a year in solitary?
The patient files
lead me to believe
that Mr. Lahey
was only pretending
to have delusions, uh,
and hallucinations,
and this is a textbook sign
of malingering.
Which means?
Mr. Lahey is making up
his insanity
to win a not-guilty
verdict.
-Your witness.
-Dr. Charmagne,
why is your diagnosis
so different from Dr. Phillips,
who declared my client insane
at the time of the murder?
Our field of study is not
an exact science.
So not because
your new boss
told you to testify
against my client?
-Uh, excuse me?
-Is it true that
Governor Birkhead hired you
as the head of the new
mental health initiative?
Objection.
Argumentative.
I'm showing a connection
between the witness
and Governor Birkhead,
who was the first defendant
in the class action
that resulted in this trial.
Overruled.
The witness will answer.
Yes, I've been given a job
with the governor.
Due to what is clearly a bribe
from the governor's office,
I move to strike
this witness' testimony...
Objection, Your Honor.
Speculation.
-...from the record!
-Your Honor!
I am in adamant agreement
with Ms. Keating.
I instruct the jury
to disregard
Dr. Charmagne's
entire testimony,
as it is biased
and lacking all credibility.
[audience murmuring]
Great.
Great, yeah, yeah.
Just set them aside.
I'll be there to pick them up.
-[cell phone beeps]
-What did Annalise assign you?
A precedent list
and a pocket motion?
Yeah, for an in limine hearing
we're never gonna have.
-[backpack unzips]
-Just so you know,
you will never be able
to finish that
in one night.
Well, thanks for
the vote of confidence.
No, that's my way of
saying I'll help you.
I'll come to your place
after I pick Christopher up--
I mean, as long
as I can bring him.
Yeah.
But why would you
want to help me?
Well, I'm gonna be
second chair pretty soon,
and then I'll need
your help.
[Nate] Pops...
if you want to talk your case,
Annalise should be here.
You see, uh...
This right here
is what I'm sick of.
You telling me
how I should be,
Annalise telling me
how I should be.
-You can be mad at me, not her.
-I'm mad at both of you.
-We're losing this case.
-You don't know that.
I got eyes. I can see
what that jury is thinking.
Nate, I want a chance
to talk to them myself.
Trust Annalise.
This is my life.
And for just once,
I want the chance to fight
for myself using my words,
not having somebody else
call me crazy, or violent,
or a liar.
Me.
I want my day
in court, man.
Well, it's not me
you got to convince.
Annalise sure as hell
ain't gonna listen to me.
-You think she'll listen to me?
-I've seen the way
she looks at you.
Yeah, she'll listen to you
if you try hard enough.
Please, son.
[cell phone vibrating]
-Hey.
-Put together a list of every
major insanity defense
in the last 50 years where
the defendant took the stand.
-Why?
-Why do you think?
Our client's
taking the stand.
That's crazy.
Get on board.
Thanks.
Don't thank me yet.
[cell phone thumps lightly]
That was kind of--
kind of aggro.
In a good way?
Well, more in a
"You made me feel like
some random hook-up
from Humpr" kind of way.
I'm sorry. I guess I just
got kind of lost
in the moment
for a second.
[breathes deeply]
Or you were thinking
of Annalise?
Come on. You have every right
to be pissed at her.
I mean, first she boots you
off of the Supreme Court,
and now she's booting you off
from the Senior case.
Are you trying to
rile me up again?
I want you to take
all the outrage
that you've been
burying in sex
and put it into
the class action.
And for you to just quit
and let her scare you away,
-that's not like you.
-Well, maybe it's the new me.
Well, I don't want
to marry that guy.
I want to marry
the badass social justice
renegade.
'Cause that's who
you really are.
[cell phone vibrating]
Uh, it's my mom.
Fingers crossed
the date works.
-[cell phone beeps]
-Hi, Mom?
Every high-profile insanity
defense from the '90s
was won without putting
the defendant on the stand.
Same thing in the '80s.
Guess the only time nut jobs
testify is when they try
to defend themselves.
[sighs] Did you hear
Gabriel say "nut job"?
That's not a very nice
term to use
when referring to
the mentally ill.
Okay, please tell me
you do not talk to him
like that all the time.
Research shows that
when talking to your baby
and making eye contact,
it helps brain development.
That way my guy won't end up
being a serial killer. Hmm-mm.
Why would he become
a serial killer?
His dad pass down some
bad genes or something?
His dad's not around.
You know that.
Yeah, I know, I just--
I know you're a single parent.
I just wasn't sure
if the father
was completely
out of the picture.
- My war is over
-Well, now you know.
Your dad?
Ghosted before I knew him.
Be my shelter
From the storm
But we should, uh,
should get back to this.
I'll take the '70s
You take the '60s.
Oh, the but the '70s
Are so much juicier
-with the irresistible
impulse test ruling of 1971.
- My war is over
Fine, you can have
the disco years.
I am a sad boy
Don't you ever
Leave me alone
My war is over
I am a sad boy
Don't you ever
Leave me alone
My war is over
[sighs]
[Annalise]
Mr. Lahey, how was solitary?
Get much reading done?
They don't let you do
no reading in there.
W-W-Which is funny enough,
because the lights are on 24/7.
You know,
studies show that
prisoners who fare
the best in solitary
are the ones who have
a strategy to overcome it.
What was yours?
I had a photo of me and my son
that I snuck in.
This photo here?
Yeah, that's it.
And it worked, too.
It worked until
the guards took it,
and then I went downhill
pretty fast after that,
and after a few months,
all my thoughts just started
smashing into one another,
and, uh,
I started hearing things
and seeing things.
And all that's because...
...they took my son
away from me.
So, after a year
in solitary,
how'd you feel
when they let you out?
I was...scared.
I wasn't used to
people talking to me,
you know, looking at me.
So how would you
describe the moment
when your fellow inmate,
Mr. Reinhoff,
a 280-pound
career criminal,
approached you in the yard?
Well, you know, he come at me,
talking smack.
So, you know, I, uh...
[breathing shakily]
I wasn't a man
at that moment.
I was a-- I was a bomb
fixed to-- to explode,
and I did, and I still
don't know why I did,
but I did, and it doesn't
matter if it was him.
It was gonna be somebody
because...
[sighs]
That is what the SHU
did to me.
It made me very sick
in my head.
And so...
I wasn't myself.
[knocking on window]
[vehicle door opens]
[vehicle door closes]
[sighs]
I am so happy you called.
-I'm sorry it took so long.
-You have to be honest.
If that stupid HR form made you
freak out, just rip it up.
I need to tell you
something.
You asked me
about my family
and why I don't
talk to them.
Mm-hmm.
My father molested
me and my sister.
It started when I was five,
she was six.
My mother knew.
It was how
they made money.
Tapes, and...
selling us to men.
When I was 15,
I got pregnant.
I had the baby, a boy.
But my parents told me
he-- he died.
And now...
...I just found out
he might be alive.
I'm sorry if this
is... too much.
No.
I just don't know if now
is the right time
for this for me.
[sniffles]
Hey.
Look at me.
-Bonnie.
-[sighs]
You're the bravest person
I've ever met.
I mean it.
And I love you.
No matter what,
I love you so much.
[sighs]
[sobs, sighs]
[Cox] Mr. Lahey, you said
that the altercation began
when Gerald Reinhoff
began talking smack to you.
Do you remember
what it was about?
He said he-- he wanted
to fight the boxer.
But on
your psych evaluation,
you said that you were having
hallucinations at the time.
Yeah, I was.
Well, if that's the case,
how is the jury supposed to
believe your made-up
version of events?
Is it possible that
you threw the first punch?
-I didn't.
-Hmm. Maybe Joe Frazier did.
He was your imaginary
cellmate, right?
-He's badgering the witness--
-The jury has a right to
understand what
happened that day.
-I'm trying to
tell you what happened!
-Why should we believe you?
I know I have a lot of problems,
but I'm not stupid.
I remember. It was the worst
day of my life.
So you knew?
In the moment
you knew that
that was the worst day
of your life?
That sounds like
you regret what you did.
Your Honor, the counsel
is testifying--
Agreed, cease this line
of questioning--
But how could you feel regret
if you were insane at the time?
Your Honor, stop this!
-Unless you're lying...
-That's enough, Mr. Cox.
-...to push this sham
of a defense--
-I said that's enough!
-I insist that you hold
Mr. Cox in contempt.
He's intentionally confused
a mentally ill man
to manipulate his testimony.
That's grounds for...
So, what do we think?
Do we count
our client's testimony
for our side
or the prosecution's?
The prosecution's.
The jury left that testimony
believing our client
knew the difference
between right and wrong
when he killed Reinhoff.
So you don't think I can
come back from that?
I think you know
my answer by now.
So, what do the rest
of you think?
Because this moment right now
is when the best lawyers
prove their worth.
Closing arguments begin in...
three hours.
So let's discuss
how we can still win this case.
Really? You've already
given up on me?
No one in this room believes
that I could still win this?
Professor Keating?
Yes.
I think you should move
for a mistrial.
You think I should
throw in the towel?
It's better than
a guilty verdict.
Here.
During
Nate Junior's cross,
Cox referred to Senior
as a crack dealer,
but his arrest records show
he was only arrested
for marijuana.
Lying about crimes
he didn't commit is misconduct
and grounds for a mistrial.
I've already showed
my hand to the State.
I'd have to build
a whole new defense,
and who knows if our client can
even survive another trial.
But he is your face case.
Losing this will hurt all
of your class-action appeals
going forward.
Okay.
So let's take a vote.
Who agrees with Mr. Maddox
that I should move
for a mistrial?
[Cox] The defense lied to you.
They lied.
Mr. Lahey was a violent man
before he went to jail.
So I don't want you to fall
for the father-son sob story.
Instead, I want you to think
of the victim who was murdered
before he had the chance
to start his own family.
I urge you to find
the defendant guilty
of the murder
of Gerald Reinhoff.
Ms. Keating?
492,750.
That's how many minutes
Nathaniel Lahey, my client,
spent in a cement box
smaller than a parking space.
Now, the prosecution claims
that Nathaniel's time
in solitary
did not make him insane,
even though a neutral,
court-appointed doctor
testified that it did.
Not to mention numerous studies
that prove
that solitary confinement
causes
severe psychological
disorders.
The facts of the case
are clear.
Nathaniel Lahey
went into solitary confinement
for less than a year,
and just days
after he got out,
he did something
he'd never done before.
He snapped. Exploded.
He lost his mind.
Now, if you still don't think
that that can happen,
then I want you to put yourself
in his shoes for one minute,
just a fraction of the time
that he spent there.
Here.
492,750 minutes,
and all he heard was this.
[breathes deeply]
-[siren wails in distance]
-Connor?
Hey.
Just because I didn't go
for the mistrial
doesn't mean it wasn't
a good idea.
Okay.
Want me to tell Gabriel?
Why?
It was your idea.
Maddox,
give this to Annalise.
-It's how she can
get a mistrial.
-You can show her.
She's gonna listen to you
over me right now.
It's the only way
to win the case.
You're the only one who knew
this case well enough
to catch that detail.
Yeah, well,
it doesn't matter.
Your closing was great.
Hopefully the jury agreed.
I shouldn't have taken you
off the case.
[breathes sharply]
I'm trying to say
I'm sorry, Connor.
-[door opens]
-[Gabriel] Professor Keating.
The jury's back.
My clerk's informed me the jury
has reached a verdict.
-Is this true?
-We have, Your Honor.
On the charge
of first-degree murder,
the jury finds
Nathaniel Calvin Lahey...
...not guilty
by reason of insanity.
Oh! Ohh.
[Judge Coughlin] At this time,
Mr. Lahey will be remanded
back to the care
of the state
until a suitable
psychiatric facility
can be found for him.
[gavel bangs]
[laughs]
You won.
You told your story
and they listened.
This was all you.
Thank you.
[reporter] How will today's
decision affect your appeals
moving forward?
I think winning is a good
strategy moving forward,
don't you?
-[laughter]
-This win is nothing.
It's not even a drop
in the bucket.
It's one step in
a 100-mile journey
in wiping out injustices
in our legal system.
So let's keep working
to give the invisible
population in prisons
the chance
to tell their stories
in front of a jury.
Wish
I could've done more.
[chuckles]
No, all is forgiven.
You say that now,
but in a few days,
-once the high's worn off?
-No, are you kidding?
H-How can I expect
12 strangers to forgive me
and I can't forgive
my own son?
Huh?
[Annalise] And this win isn't
just for people behind bars.
It's a win for all people
who feel like the system,
our justice system,
is making them go crazy.
You should be standing
behind her.
So you can get in a photo,
send it to your mom.
Not my style.
...for their tireless support
and dedication on this case.
I know they will bring the same
level of skill and commitment
to our many other clients
awaiting their own chance
for justice.
-I also want to thank...
-You here to spy on me?
Don't flatter yourself.
I got to talk to Annalise.
About Gabriel?
-What about him?
-As much as I wanted
to believe your story
-that you were looking into
all the new students--
-That's true--
All I had to do is find out
where he lives!
Wes's building. And when I
asked him how he ended up there,
that some guy he "hoops" with
told him about the apartment.
Who the hell is he?
[reporter] What does this mean
for the rest of your plaintiffs?
[Annalise] It means that
the Supreme Court agrees
with us.
The juries agree with us.
The only people who
don't agree with us
are the officials
who run this state.
And I don't blame them.
I mean, we're the ones
cleaning up their mess.
Is that a shot
at Governor Birkhead?
I respect Governor Birkhead.
Listen, she has a tough job.
She oversees billions
of dollars,
thousands of employees,
and I'm just one little
defense attorney
that keeps beating her
in court.
That can't be fun.
Bring her in. Let's see
if she's got the balls
to say any of this
to my face.
-Senior!
-Solitary what?
-To Nate Senior!
-[laughs]
[whispering] You think
now's a good time to tell them?
-[whispering] Not yet.
-Hmm, okay.
Enough whispering, you two.
You're having sex,
aren't you?
-Oh, God, no!
-Gross-eries! [laughs]
Connor and I deserve to know
if our best men are boning.
-[laughs]
-Uh, we're not boning.
We're...
planning your joint
bachelor party!
Operation Slama Jama!
-Pew! Pew! Pew! Pew! Pew!
-No one told you to do that.
-I don't want one of those.
Well, we're doing it,
and we're doing it here,
because we're all poor.
So, don't be surprised
if the only stripper
we can afford is me.
It's gonna be this Friday,
so mark your calendars.
-No, my mom is coming on Friday.
-Wait, what?
We said no moms
until the wedding.
I know, I know,
but the Senior case
gave me all the parent feels,
and I invited your mom too.
-I'm sorry.
-Oliver!
-Oh, this is gonna be the best
bachelor party ever!
-You know it!
-Hey!
[Asher] Oh, I got to order
more penis hats.
-[door opens]
-Where the hell are you?
Frank said you weren't home.
I'm fine. Don't worry.
Just tell me where you are.
Outside Julie's.
Don't do anything.
I'll come right there.
We can do this together.
-I'm not alone. Ron drove me.
-What?
Bonnie, we don't even know
if he can handle this.
I'll call you
as soon as I'm done.
I promise.
[cell phone beeps]
[knock on door]
[door creaking open]
Hey.
[baby crying]
[Connor]
Anyone seen my husband?
[Connor] Oli?
Oliver.
Where the hell are you?
Oliver! If you're out here,
I'm seriously gonna kill you!
Oliver!
Mom?